coming up next a light heavyweight
showdown between Jon Jones and one of
the most lethal strikers in the world
today the Brazilian Anderson
our tail the tape is brought to you by
Dodge we are now set for the official
introductions and with that here is
Bruce Buffer
ladies and gentlemen this fight is three
rounds and the UF this man is a morir
tired and now Heidi and when the action
begins a referee in charge of this
couple you ready anderson silva john
jones and here we go when John Jones
fought Stefan water a fighter much older
and much more experienced than he in the
Octagon he really showed a great amount
of confusion yeah he really did Mike
that really was the coming-out party for
John Jones that was the first true test
of his mixed martial arts career and he
passed it with flying colors pushing his
opponent away backing
Joe the crowd favorite the spider
Anderson Silva
nice high kick
a getting off of spinning back kick oh
my goodness body shot he's got the
double nice job double leg under three
minutes now moves in a half guard here
Mike
able to posture up
and back a full guard he's my half guard
into the guard pushes them off of the
feet
Oh looping hook there Oh big kick he's
got his back here
both men scoring points here Joe mixing
up his strikes very well Oh big spinning
back fist
under 90 seconds remains in the first of
three five-minute rounds
he's got the guillotine I don't Dickens
tight
oh he's out of it nicely done he decides
to get him up Jones is bleeding here
Mike that cut on Jones oh fuck alum oh
those are vicious crushers Oh body shot
till this place is going walkies her bad
Lee's down he ate that one and again
that's a rat TKO victory
Anderson Silva victorious
here we see it one more time
the bedroom voice of the Octagon Bruce
Buffer cat